Move common attribute patterns to Common.md (#31)
newrelic/newrelic-exporter-specs: Common.md

Example values of this attribute are:

* `spring-framework`
* `python-twisted`
* `gorilla/mux`

#### `instrumentation.version`

All exported telemetry SHOULD contain an `instrumentation.version` attribute that identifies the version of the instrumentation.
This will be defined by the instrumentation provider.

Example values of this attribute are:

* `v0.1.0`
* `3`
* `alpha-v1`

### Collector

Telemetry sent to New Relic is often produced by many collocated sources.
Given the close proximity these telemetry sources can have, it can be advantageous to unify the transmission of this telemetry to New Relic.
This reduces network overhead and can simplify the design of system architectures.

Being able to backtrack identity what collector was the ultimate transmitter of telemetry to New Relic is often useful.
It can help debug issues and provide context of data flows.
The following attributes are used to make this identification possible.

#### `collector.name`

All exported telemetry SHOULD contain an `collector.name` attribute that identifies the name of the code that collected the telemetry.

> This value SHOULD be overwritten if telemetry is proxied.

Reviewer: what does "telemetry is proxied" mean in this context?

Author: I was intending it to mean it was sent through an intermediary before being routed to New Relic. But, the understanding I have of what this attribute means come from you. If you have a better way to phrase I'm open to suggestions.

Reviewer: like, if went through the OTel collector, for example?

Reviewer: I'd add a small section explain telemetry proxies to inform this and the bits below that reference the term.

| `host.hostname` | REQUIRED† |
| `service.name` | REQUIRED† |
| `app.name` | REQUIRED† |
| `db.name` | REQUIRED† |

†: REQUIRED only if annotating an applicable telemetry source.
See the related sub-section for more information.

### Instrumentation

Instrumentation is the toolset used to measure telemetry.
This instrumentation usually comes in the form of a library of code, platform, or coding language builtin and provides different instruments to measure the state of a computer program.
This instrumentation is from what the exporter exports.

Including attributes to identify not only what instrumentation is used but also what code is being instrumented is crucial for interoperability between exporters and the New Relic platform.

#### `instrumentation.provider`

All exported telemetry MUST contain an `instrumentation.provider` attribute that identifies the provider of instrumentation.

Example values of this attribute are:

* `newRelic`
* `prometheus`
* `dropwizard`
* `opencensus`
* `opentelemetry`

#### `instrumentation.name`

All exported telemetry SHOULD contain an `instrumentation.name` attribute that identifies the code that is being instrumented.

> This would be the framework, library, or application that uses the instrumentation to report telemetry.

Reviewer: It might be worth noting that this should only be reported if it's actually available via the instrumentation provider. If it's not, then I think it should be left out. Same with instrumentation.version.

A full `User-Agent` example might look like `NewRelic-Python-TelemetrySDK/0.2.3 NewRelic-Python-OpenCensus/0.1.0`.

## Attributes

The origins of measurements exported to New Relic needs to be identifiable in order for them to be useful.
Identify what generated, measured, collected, and transmitted measurements to New Relic is essential in providing the curated experience customers expect.
This section describes the attributes that are used to serve this purpose.

The following table is an overview for quick reference of all the attributes defined in the following sub-sections.

| Attribute | REQUIRED/RECOMMENDED/OPTIONAL |
| --------- | ----------------------------- |
| `instrumentation.provider` | REQUIRED |
| `instrumentation.name` | RECOMMENDED |
| `instrumentation.version` | RECOMMENDED |
| `collector.name` | RECOMMENDED |
| `collector.version` | RECOMMENDED |
| `host.hostname` | REQUIRED† |
| `service.name` | REQUIRED† |
| `app.name` | REQUIRED† |
| `mobileApp.name` | REQUIRED† |
| `device.model` | RECOMMENDED† |
| `browserApp.name` | REQUIRED† |
| `db.name` | REQUIRED† |

†: applies only if annotating an applicable source.
See the related sub-section for more information.

> ### Instrumentation

Reviewer: This section doesn't seem quite right to me. I think of instrumentation as the *usage* of an instrumentation API. So, for example, micrometer provides an API to build instrumentation. Spring-boot has instrumentation that is built using the micrometer metric APIs. 

That's what I have in my brain, though. Perhaps my understanding is not the common one?

Author: Updated. LMK if closer.

Reviewer: looks great.

- Instrumentation for a cluster of Kubernetes pods might be the health check probes.
- Instrumentation for a computer's CPU might be the embedded sensors measuring its physical state (e.g temperature, speed, power).

Including attributes to identify what instrumentation is used is crucial for interoperability between telemetry systems and the New Relic platform.

#### `instrumentation.provider`

All exported measurements MUST contain an `instrumentation.provider` attribute that identifies the provider of instrumentation.

Example values of this attribute are:

* `newRelic`
* `prometheus`
* `dropwizard`
* `opencensus`
* `opentelemetry`

#### `instrumentation.name`

All exported measurements SHOULD contain an `instrumentation.name` attribute that identifies the code that is being instrumented if the instrumentation provider exposes this information, otherwise it SHOULD be omitted.
This would be the framework, library, or application that uses the instrumentation to report measurements.

Example values of this attribute are:

* `spring-framework`
* `python-twisted`
* `gorilla/mux`

#### `instrumentation.version`

> All exported measurements SHOULD contain an `instrumentation.version` attribute set to the version of the instrumentation if the instrumentation provider expose this information, otherwise it SHOULD be omitted.

Reviewer: Add an additional sentence like:
`Note: For libraries, this is the version of the _instrumentation_, not the version of the library being instrumented.`

Author: Is it not already clearly stating that?

> ...set to the version of the instrumentation...

Reviewer: To you and me, yes, but this distinction has caused a ton of confusion in OTel, so having an additional clarifying sentence seems like it could save some future questions. :)

Author: sounds good.

Example values of this attribute are:

* `v0.1.0`
* `3`
* `alpha-v1`

### Collector

Identifying what collected and transmitted the measurements of a system is important to know.
It allows the New Relic platform to inform customers what telemetry systems were used to transmit their data, something that can help debug issues and provide insight into data flows.

A collector can be as simple as the exporter itself, or as complex as a hierarchical system of proxies.
Regardless of the complexity or simplicity of the collectors, the measurements they transmit need to identify what collector was the ultimate transmitter.
The following attributes are used to make this identification possible.

#### `collector.name`

If the exporter is transmitting to New Relic directly than all exported measurements SHOULD contain a `collector.name` attribute set to the name of the exporter, otherwise it SHOULD be omitted.

Example values of this attribute are:

* `newrelic-dropwizard-reporter`
* `newrelic-opentelemetry-go-exporter`

#### `collector.version`

> If the exporter is transmitting to New Relic directly than all exported measurements SHOULD contain a `collector.version` attribute set to the version of the exporter, otherwise it SHOULD be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the exporter is transmitting to New Relic directly then all exported telemetry SHOULD contain a `collector.version` attribute set to the version of the exporter, otherwise it SHOULD be omitted.
```

Author: +1 to changing to `then`, but I'm not sure about the `s/measurements/telemetry`. Measurements are the things containing attributes not telemetry. Telemetry is the process of collecting and transmitting measurements or other data to receiving endpoints.

Reviewer: Ah, I tend to use the 2nd definition here: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/telemetry

But, I'm fine with keeping measurements.
